Update checklist for community package contributions (#6209)
pulumi/registry: .github/pull_request_template.md

  - [ ] a valid logo URL that points to a PNG whose dimensions conform to the others in this repo (e.g., 100x100).
- [ ] The package repo contains an Overview doc (`/docs/_index.md`) that includes:
  - [ ] a brief explanation of what the package is and what it does.

>   - [ ] at least one representative example in all supported languages (ie. ts/js, python, go and c#).

Reviewer: What about Java? this would still retain a discrepancy between all official Pulumi languages and what's required here.

>   - [ ] at least one representative example in all supported languages (ie. ts/js, python, go and c#).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] at least one representative example in all supported languages (i.e. TypeScript, Python, Go and C#).
```

  - [ ] a front-matter property for the `layout` set to `package`.
- [ ] The package repo contains an Installation and Configuration doc (`/docs/installation-configuration.md`) that includes:

>   - [ ] links to SDKs in all supported languages (ie. should link to published SDKs in NPM, PyPi and NuGet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] links to SDKs in all supported languages (i.e. should link to published SDKs in NPM, PyPi and NuGet).
```
